

1. Java

Java is one of the most popular programming languages, used for building server-side applications to video games and mobile apps. It's also the core foundation for developing Android apps, making it a favorite of many programmers. C# and Java are actually quite similar, from an application developer's perspective. Both C# and Java are Type-Safe Languages and  "Pure" Object-Oriented Languages. While C# and Java are similar in many ways, they also have some differences. Java Will Run on "Any" Operating System. C# Is a More Complex Language than Java.

2. C

C is an old system programming language developed by Dennis Ritchie in 1969. C has been accepted as an easy, flexible and powerful language used for programming of many applications, either it is for engineering programs or business programs. C programming language is more suitable for system programming apps, hardware apps, embedded device and chip designing. While C# is suitable for apps development and web apps development. Both C and C# deals in four basic data type like int, float, double and char. C# has one addition data type feature Booleans, which is used to shows the output of logical operations. Total 32 keywords are used in C programming language while in C# total 87 keywords are used. C# has more integral type as compare to C. There is only one type of integral in C, which are two in C#, char type and whole number which can be signed or unsigned. C is a structure oriented programming language while C# is an object oriented language.

3. C++

C# is a distinct language from C++. C++ is designed for general object oriented programming in the days when the typical computer was a standalone machine running a command line-based user interface. C++ is a general-purpose programming language with high-level and low-level capabilities. It is a statically typed, free-form, multi-paradigm, usually compiled language supporting procedural programming, data abstraction, object-oriented programming, and generic programming. C++ was designed to be a low-level platform-neutral object-oriented programming language. C# was designed to be a somewhat higher-level component-oriented language.

4. Python

Python is a widely used general-purpose, high-level programming language. Its design philosophy emphasizes code readability, and its syntax allows programmers to express concepts in fewer lines of code than would be possible in languages such as C++ or Java.The language provides constructs intended to enable clear programs on both a small and large scale.Python is dynamically typed, interpreted language. C#  is statically typed, compiled language. 

5. PHP

PHP is a server-side scripting language designed for web development but also used as a general-purpose programming language. As of January 2013, PHP was installed on more than 240 million websites (39% of those sampled) and 2.1 million web servers. Originally created by Rasmus Lerdorf in 1994, the reference implementation of PHP (powered by the Zend Engine) is now produced by The PHP Group. While PHP originally stood for Personal Home Page, it now stands for PHP: Hypertext Preprocessor, which is a recursive backronym. PHP generates directly the HTML / JS / CSS used to compose the page and produce the end HTML page directly from the code or if you are smart enough using things like templates engines. You must know HTML at least to be able to develop PHP web sites. In C# you compose your page out of "web components" which are aware of their state and can fire events like "button click". Once a event is fired, your C# logic (no HTML / JS here) will change the state of the page components or add new one on the fly. Components are then invoked by the framework to render themselves. You don't have to know anything to HTML to be able to code.
